updating debug docs (#296)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/forms/features/debug.md

The debugging screen provides configuration options and overrides default functionalities for developers, but caution should be used as these options can break form functionality.

![Debug screen](/img/forms/debug.webp)

## Bypass validation

When a form is submitted, an internal validator is triggered to validate the form. Once all internal validations are successfully passed, the form data is sent to the integration. With this toggle, you have the option to bypass internal validation for all forms and directly send the data to the integration.

## Bypass captcha

This toggle allows sending the form without CAPTCHA validation while enabling the feature. It is helpful for testing or running automated tests.

## Don’t clear form after submission

> After the form is successfully submitted, all fields will be reset to their original state. This toggle will allow duplicate submissions with the same data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the form is successfully submitted, all fields will be reset to their original state. This toggle will prevent that from happening, allowing multiple submissions with the same data.
```

## Developer mode

> Enabling the developer mode will provide various small yet helpful features to simplify the debugging process.

Reviewer: Maybe provide a few examples of features here?

Author: The list of these features is on the plugin, so I would like to avoid duplication :D I will add a comment

## Stop form syncing

> When editing integration forms, a re-sync occurs whenever you open a block editor page. This ensures that forms are always up-to-date with external integrations whenever you want to edit them. However, if you prefer to sync your forms manually, you can use the toggle to prevent this automatic behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When editing integration-based forms, a synchronization happens every time the form editor is opened. This ensures that the form is always up-to-date with the external integrations. If you prefer syncing forms manually, you can use enable this option to prevent automatic synchronization.
```

## Skip internal cache

> This option prevents storing integration data in the temporary internal cache to optimize load time and API calls. Turning on this option can cause many API calls in a short time, which may cause a temporary ban from the external integration service. Use with caution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option disables storage of integration data in a temporary internal storage (cache), which optimizes load time and prevents too many API calls. Turning on this option will bypass the cache and directly call APIs, which may cause a lot of API calls in short time, which can lead to a temporary suspension on some platforms. **Use with caution.**
```

## Output Query Monitor log

> If you encounter issues with PHP functions, you can debug them using an external Query Monitor plugin. This plugin allows you to log API data without the user being able to see it. However, you must first install and activate the Query Monitor plugin in your project to use this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter issues with PHP functions, you can debug them using the Query Monitor plugin (3rd-party). This plugin allows you to log API data without the user being able to see it. Make sure Query Monitor is installed and enabled before enabling this option.
```

## Enable disabled fields admin overrides

> The WP admin cannot modify global constants stored in wp-config.php. However, with this toggle, you can temporarily override these settings for debugging purposes. This is useful when debugging API connections on external servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Administrators usually cannot modify global constants stored in `wp-config.php`. However, enabling this toggle will bypass this restriction, allowing easier debugging.
```
